Add LogLevel for Blob Storage module (#121147)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-edge/how-to-store-data-blob.md

## Configure log files

> The default output log level is 'Info'.  To change the output log level, Set the `LogLevel` environment variable for this module in the deployment manifest. `LogLevel` accepts the following values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default output log level is 'Info'.  To change the output log level, set the `LogLevel` environment variable for this module in the deployment manifest. `LogLevel` accepts the following values: 
```

> For information on configuring log files for your module, see these [production best practices](./production-checklist.md#set-up-logs-and-diagnostics).
> 
> To configure the output log level, you can set `LogLevel` environment variable for this module. `LogLevel` can take the following values (the default value is set to `Info`):
> 
> * Critical
> * Error
> * Warning
> * Info
> * Debug
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default output log level is 'Info'.  To change the output log level, Set the `LogLevel` environment variable for this module in the deployment manifest. `LogLevel` accepts the following values: 

* Critical
* Error
* Warning
* Info
* Debug

For information on configuring log files for your module, see these [production best practices](./production-checklist.md#set-up-logs-and-diagnostics).
```

Reviewer 2: Let's put the *For more information...* link at the bottom of the section. I reworded it a little and mentioned the deployment manifest.
